hello YouTube is there a productions and
today I'm going to be calling a Hasbro
about the old o pious and then yeah and
crap so um here we go
we're going to call them this is their
phone number if you want well actually I
have a question it's about the new lps
the new rules ketchups um could you
bring like the old bulls pep jumps back
cuz um I don't really like the new all
Louis pet shops because it's just the
way their eyes are and like they have a
small body like a Mickey compared to
their huge head and I think the billions
of videos on people wanting the LP old
LPs back like they were just pewter and
their eyes were less ugly they just were
like really fun to play with they were
adorable since I was five I'm nine but
I'm turning 10 in July I think I have a
hundred and a hundred and twelve I'm not
sure
oh I don't really know yet I might have
to get back on that question but um
there's something I've been wanting to
say for a long time oh for the develop
yes for all the people who like them
maybe you can just not call them
littlest pet shops like maybe you can
think of another name for the new Louis
pet shops and bring back the old
littlest pet shops
yes like for the new ones you could call
them something different like cute pets
um something like that okay thanks bye
oh my gosh did you guys hear that
there might bring back the old up yes
are you guys excited because I mix I'm
I'm so excited
oh my god iron sight well thanks for
watching that's how you call them um
Monday through Friday you can't do it on
the weekends so bye